Useful resources and more info about us (#2)
khoury-gsa/khoury-gsa.github.io: index.md

social space, and as a democratic body that will advocate for the interests of
Khoury graduate students with the college administration.

> If you want to lear more about KGSA, check out [this presentation of our agenda][gsa-slides-spring-2021]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to learn more about the Khoury GSA, check out [this presentation of our agenda][gsa-slides-spring-2021]
```

> If you want to lear more about KGSA, check out [this presentation of our agenda][gsa-slides-spring-2021]

Reviewer 2: lear[n]

from Spring 2021.

[gsa-slides-spring-2021]: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1prKtG2riNKsg6yTM3xEMUW1OXdo_X6J-0_xUjAd_d8w/edit?usp=sharing

Contact us via [kgsa-oc@googlegroups.com](mailto://kgsa-oc@googlegroups.com) or
say “Hi!” in the [Khoury PhDs Slack][khoury-slack] `#gsa` channel: we
are always happy to meet new people and hope to get more students as active members!

> [khoury-slack]: https://khouryphds.slack.com

Reviewer: Maybe a note that people can join the Slack with their `@husky.neu.edu` address?

Author: Yeah, I was hoping to defer this kind of issues implicitly suggesting that in case of anything not working they should contact us. But maybe you are right and Slack deserves this clarification. How about:

> To get added to the Slack, use the `<NEU-username>@husky.neu.edu` email.

?

Reviewer: LGTM!

(Last week, someone actually emailed me about not being able to access the Slack.)

Reviewer 2: Yeah, let's add this note about a husky email.

* [Andrew Walter](https://www.khoury.northeastern.edu/people/andrew-thomas-walter/),
* [Ming-Ho Yee](https://www.khoury.northeastern.edu/people/ming-ho-yee/).

### Useful Resources

There are many problems that pop up again and again in front of a Khoury PhD student.

> KGSA tries to coordinate a wealth of common knowledged collected by many generations of the students.

Reviewer 2: knowledge[d]

> KGSA tries to coordinate a wealth of common knowledged collected by many generations of the students.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KGSA tries to coordinate a wealth of common knowledge collected by many generations of students.
```

We suggest trying the following resources to find answers to your questions:

* [Khoury PhD Pragrams page on Canvas][notebook-canvas]

* [PhD Hub on Confluence][confluence]

* [Crowd-sourced Google Doc][notebook-gdoc]

> Note that the first resource is administred by the College, whereas the other two

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the first resource is administered by the College, whereas the other two
```

> are crowd-sourced by the students, and if you have ideas on what to add there,

Reviewer 2: Does "there" only refer to Canvas? For the other two we probably don't want people to go through us.

Author: I didn't mean to propose Canvas updates, but to the other two places. But now I see it doesn't make much sense since everyone can commit there. I will remove this I guess.
